Add more accessibility sprinkles (#1510)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/core-concepts/framework-components.md

Any renderer JS necessary for the component's framework (e.g. React, Svelte) is downloaded with the page. The `client:*` directives only dictate when the _component JS_ is imported and when the _component_ is hydrated.
:::

:::note[Accessibility]

> Framework-specific accessibility patterns should work the same in Astro. Though, you need to be careful with the client directive being used so your accessibility-related JavaScript is being properly loaded and executed when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most framework-specific accessibility patterns should work the same when these components are used in Astro. Be sure to choose a client directive that will ensure any accessibility-related JavaScript is properly loaded and executed at the appropriate time!
```
